Add partial diagonalisation for the ELPA solver (#1893)
dftbplus/dftbplus: doc/dftb+/manual/dftbp.tex

\item[\is{AutotuneFile}] The ELPA autotune state is stored in this file.
  If present at startup, the autotuning process is resumed using its previous
  state. (default: \is{elpa\_autotune\_state.out})

> \item[\is{EmptyStates}] Number of empty states to calculate in addition to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\item[\is{EmptyStates}] Number of empty states to calculate, in addition to the
```

  states needed to hold the electrons of the system. A negative value (the
  default) requests the complete spectrum, which is the usual behaviour.

  A positive value switches on partial diagonalisation, where the solver only

>   returns the lowest states. Since the states left out are unoccupied,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  returns the lowest occupied states. Since the states left out are unoccupied,
```

  they do not contribute to the density matrix, and calculating them is

>   avoidable work. The count given here is only a starting value: whenever the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  avoidable work. The count you provide here is only a starting value: whenever the
```

>   highest calculated state is not far enough above the chemical potential for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  highest calculated state is not far enough above the electronic chemical potential for
```

  its occupation to be negligible, the number of empty states is doubled and
  the self-consistent cycle continues, so that the calculation cannot converge

>   while states which might be occupied are missing. The distance required above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  while states which should be (partially) occupied are missing. The energy of states required above
```

  the chemical potential is the point at which the occupation of a state falls

>   below $10^{-10}$, which is 24 times the broadening width for \is{Fermi}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  below $10^{-10}$ e, which is 24 times the broadening width for \is{Fermi}
```

  filling and 5 times for the \is{Gaussian} and \is{MethfesselPaxton} schemes.

  This option is currently only available when ELPA is called through the ELSI
  library (see \is{PreferElsi}), and cannot be combined with calculations which

>   need the states that would be left out. These are excited state and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  need the states that would be left out. These are currently excited state and
```

  perturbation calculations, electron dynamics, $\Delta$DFTB, custom
  occupations, non-collinear spin, and writing the eigenvectors. Note also that

>   eigenvalue output above the calculated states is not meaningful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  eigenvalues outputted above the calculated states are not meaningful.
```

  The value given should be a sensible guess for the system, rather than the
  smallest number which happens to work. Starting from too few states costs

>   extra iterations, and for systems with more than one self-consistent solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  extra iterations, and for systems with more than one possible self-consistent solution,
```
